added sonarcloud request (#244)
BCDevOps/devops-requests: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/sonarcloud_request.md

---
name: Request for import GitHub repository on SonarCloud
about: To import GitHub repository on SonarCloud.
title: ''
labels: sonarcloud-repo
assignees: caggles, ShellyXueHan

---

## Step 0
**Is your repository on `bcgov` GitHub Organization?**

> We have install SonarCloud on `bcgov` GitHub Organization for application teams to use. If your repo is not on bcgov, please migrate first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have install SonarCloud on `bcgov` GitHub Organization for application teams to use.  Only repositories inside the bcgov GitHub Organization are supported through this request.
```

Author: changes included here: https://github.com/BCDevOps/devops-requests/pull/245

**Are you the admin user of the GitHub repositories?**

> The setup process require a repo admin level access. You will be assigned as the admin of your SonarCloud repos.

Reviewer: Could make it a requirement to be the admin of your repo to make the request, and just close/cancel any requests where the requestor is NOT the repo admin?
eg:
```suggestion
The request requires a repository administrator to make the request.  The requestor will be assigned as the SonarCloud repository admin.
> Requests from non-Git repository admins will be closed/cancelled.
```

Author: yea that could be more clear!
